= Casper API

A work in progress Ruby wrapper for the Casper asset management API.

== Installation

In your Gemfile, put the following:

  gem 'casper_api', :git => 'git://github.com/factorylabs/casper_api.git'

Don't forget to bundle your gems!

== Usage

Here's a quick and dirty example of how to use this:

  include CasperApi

  @casper         = Casper.new('<username>', '<password>')
  @joshs_computer = @casper.computers.find('Joshua Abbott') #=> Assuming a computer named "Joshua Abbott" exists, will return this computer and all associated data.

- or -

  @some_computer = @casper.computers.find(1) #=> Returns computer with the ID of 1.


If you don't know computer names or IDs you can always grab the full list of computers from Casper and then search the list for what you're looking for:

  @list             = @casper.computers.all #=> Will return a list of all computers with their names and IDs
  joshs_computer_id = @list.search(:name, 'Josh').first.id
  @joshs_computer   = @casper.computers.find(joshs_computer_id)

== API Methods

So far there is support for the following calls:

- Casper#buildings
- Casper#categories
- Casper#computer_groups
- Casper#computers
- Casper#departments
- Casper#mobile_devices

Each of these will respond to the "all" and "find" methods. Lists respond to the "search" method.

== Tests

There are none. Please help.

== Contributing to casper_api
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Josh N. Abbott. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
